[BEAM-13492][Playground]  Update backend README file (#16285)
apache/beam: playground/backend/README.md

## About

Beam Playground helps facilitate trying out and adopting [Apache Beam](https://beam.apache.org/) by providing a very
quick way for prospective Beam users to see and run examples of Apache Beam pipelines in a web interface that requires
no setup.

## Getting Started

See [playground/README.md](../README.md) for details on requirements and setup.

This section describes what is needed to run the backend application.

- Go commands to run/test the backend locally
- Set up environment variables to run the backend locally
- Running the backend via Docker

### Go commands to run/test application locally

Go to the backend directory:

```shell
$ cd backend
```

The following command is used to build and serve the backend locally:

```shell
$ go run ./cmd/server/server.go
```

Run the following command to generate a release build file:

```shell
$ go build ./cmd/server/server.go
```

Playground tests may be run using this command:

```shell
$ go test ... -v
```

The full list of commands can be found [here](https://pkg.go.dev/cmd/go).

### Set up environment variables to run the backend locally

These environment variables should be set to run the backend locally:

> - `BEAM_SDK` - is the SDK which backend could process (`SDK_GO` / `SDK_JAVA` / `SDK_PYTHON`)

Reviewer: can we allow the backend to support all SDKs? - we can start with a per-language deployment, but we may one day discover that we want a single backend - so I think it would be great to have a parameter to allow this (e.g. `SDK_ALL`).

Also, should Scio be added?

Author: I've added `Scio.
We can make changes to allow the backend to support all SDKs. In that case, we do not need this environment variable at all.

Such a change will affect the container (if we have a unified backend for all SDKs, then this image should contain all dependencies for each SDK and it would take more time to deploy, scale, and start). Backend logic would also change (we have differences for each SDK) and scaling part (we are using different logic to scale each SDK’s instances, but if we combine it we couldn’t).
In other words, it is possible but doesn’t make sense in the current architecture.

We can file a ticket for this if you want so it is documented for some future stages

- `APP_WORK_DIR` - is the directory where all folders will be placed to process each code processing request
- `PREPARED_MOD_DIR` - is the directory where prepared go.mod and go.sum files are placed. It is used only for Go SDK

There are also environment variables which are needed for the deployment of Apache Beam Playground. These variables have
default value and there is no need to set them up to launch locally:

- `SERVER_IP` - is the IP address of the backend server (default value = `localhost`)
- `SERVER_PORT` - is the PORT of the backend server (default value = `8080`)
- `CACHE_TYPE` - is a type of the cache service which is used for the backend server. If it is set as a `remote`, then
  the backend server will use Redis to keep all cache values (default value = `local`)
- `CACHE_ADDRESS` - is an address of the Redis server. It is used only when `CACHE_TYPE=remote` (default value
  = `localhost:6379`)

> - `BEAM_PATH` - it is the place where all required for the Java SDK libs are placed

Reviewer: This one would be necessary if we're running Java SDK - even if we run locally, right? Can we move these to their own section? They're mandatory per SDK, right?

Author: It is not necessary to use this variable to run the server locally. In that case, the default value will be used `"/opt/apache/beam/jars/*"`. If this path doesn't contain a needed library we will have an error during the compilation step.
If you want to run a Java server locally and run some simple code (like `HelloWorld`) that doesn't use some other library it would be OK.

This variable is used only for Java SDK.

  (default value = `/opt/apache/beam/jars/*`)
- `KEY_EXPIRATION_TIME` - is the expiration time of the keys in the cache (default value = `15 min`)
- `PIPELINE_EXPIRATION_TIMEOUT` - is the expiration time of the code processing (default value = `15 min`)
- `PROTOCOL_TYPE` - is the type of the backend server protocol. It could be `TCP` or `HTTP` (default value = `HTTP`)
- `NUM_PARALLEL_JOBS` - is the max number of the code processing requests which could be processed on the backend server
  at the same time (default value = `20`). This value is used to check readiness of the backend server. If server

>   processes max number of the code processing requests then need to deploy a new instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  reaches the max number of concurrent code-processing requests, then it will reject
  all other incoming requests  with error code XXX.
```
What's the error code? : )

Author: I've updated this part.
The main idea is `readiness` endpoint returns a response with status `200` if the instance could process more code processing requests. In other cases, this endpoint returns status `423`. This endpoint is used by the load balancer.
